Update Heli Tuning Wiki (#4104)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: copter/source/docs/traditional-helicopter-autotune.rst

:ref:`Minimum Test Frequency<AUTOTUNE_FRQ_MIN>`
-----------------------------------------------

Specifies the minimum frequency in radians per second used during the dwell or frequency sweeps.  For frequency sweeps, this will be the starting frequency.

:ref:`Maximum Test Frequency<AUTOTUNE_FRQ_MAX>`
-----------------------------------------------

Specifies the maximum frequency in radians per second used during the dwell or frequency sweeps.  For frequency sweeps, this will be the ending frequency.

:ref:`Velocity P Gain<AUTOTUNE_VELXY_P>`
----------------------------------------

Specifies P gain for velocity feedback.  This aids the autotune in maintaining aircraft position during the frequency sweeps and dwells.  Keep this at 0.1 unless the aircraft is drifting more than 10 meters during the dwell and frequency sweeps.  It only affects position holding while the aircraft is oscillating during these tests.  In between the oscillations, it may drift.  This gain will not help with that.

Preparing for Autotune
======================

> Ensure you complete all of the items in the :ref:`Preparing for Tuning<traditional-helicopter-tuning-preparing>` wiki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you complete all of the items in the :ref:`Preparing for Tuning<traditional-helicopter-tuning-preparing>` wiki page.
```

Author: done.  thanks!

Transmitter Setup
-----------------

Be sure to put the Autotune flight mode as one of the flight modes on your transmitter flight mode switch.  You don’t want to be reaching for the GCS to switch out of the autotune if your heli is not behaving properly.  You want to be able to switch modes instantly.

Autotune Flights
================
Suggested Tuning Sequence
-------------------------

> In any axis, it is recommended to conduct the feedforward gain tuning first, then the Rate D and Rate P gain tuning, and lastly the Angle P tuning.  Don't try to tune every axis in one flight, it could take up to 10-15 min to tune one axis.  Here is a suggested flights and tuning sequence. Yaw feedforward tuning is not needed for conventional helicopters.  The yaw feedforward gain can be set to zero.  It may be needed for dual helicopters though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In any axis, it is recommended to conduct the feedforward gain tuning first, then the Rate D and Rate P gain tuning, and lastly the Angle P tuning.  Don't try to tune every axis in one flight, it could take up to 10-15 min to tune one axis.  Here is a suggested flights and tuning sequence. Conventional helicopters do not need Yaw feedforward tuning, and the gain can be set to zero.  Dual helicopters may require Yaw feedforward tuning.
```

Author: done. thanks!

|    6   | :ref:`AUTOTUNE_AXES<AUTOTUNE_AXES>`     | 4 (Yaw)               |
|        +-----------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|        | :ref:`AUTOTUNE_SEQ<AUTOTUNE_SEQ>`       | 4 (Angle P)           |
|        +-----------------------------------------+-----------------------+
|        | :ref:`AUTOTUNE_GN_MAX<AUTOTUNE_GN_MAX>` | 1.2                   |
+--------+-----------------------------------------+-----------------------+

Tuning Flight Procedures
------------------------

When conducting an autotune flight, be sure to have at least at 50 meter by 50 meter area to fly.  During the feedforward test, the aircraft will travel 5-10 meters.  You may have to bring it back after each iteration of the tuning test.  Do not let the aircraft get too far away.

#. Power up the controller
#. Set the flight mode to either stabilize or AltHold (Althold recommended)
#. Enable motor interlock and allow rotors to complete runup
#. Lift off and establish stable hover approximately 3-5 meters above the ground
#. Switch into Autotune and center all sticks
#. Autotune will start conducting the maneuvers

> .. note::  If you don’t see anything happening, then your sticks are not centered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::  If you don’t see anything happening, verify your sticks are centered.
```

Author: done. Thanks!

> #. After the tuning is complete, a message will appear in the GCS saying Autotune complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. After the tuning is complete, a message will appear in the GCS saying "Autotune complete".
```

Author: done. Thanks!

> #. To test the settings, switch out of autotune and then back into autotune and you will be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To test the settings, switch out of autotune and then back to autotune and you will be 
```

Author: done. Thanks!

.. _traditional-helicopter-autotune:

===============================
AutoTune
===============================

> The AutoTune for tradheli is completely different from multicopter AutoTune.  It can tune any combination of feedforward (ATC_RAT_XXX_FF), the rate gains (ATC_RAT_XXX_P and ATC_RAT_XXX_D), or angle P gain (ATC_ANG_XXX_P).  The tuning for rate gains begins with finding the maximum allowable value for the rate gains and then tunes them.  Knowing the maximum value enables the AutoTune feature to keep from creating an instability.

Author: I did the first part of your comment already, right?  I tried the second part of highlighting but it seems to be highlighting more than just the params.  I guess I will see how it turns out when I compile it

> The AutoTune for tradheli is completely different from multicopter AutoTune.  It can tune any combination of feedforward (ATC_RAT_XXX_FF), the rate gains (ATC_RAT_XXX_P and ATC_RAT_XXX_D), or angle P gain (ATC_ANG_XXX_P).  The tuning for rate gains begins with finding the maximum allowable value for the rate gains and then tunes them.  Knowing the maximum value enables the AutoTune feature to keep from creating an instability.

Reviewer 2: seems to be fine....the generic param names are a bit off (lower case xx so do not appear to be an actual exact param name), but I will fix after merge, no biggie

| +-------+-----------------+ | +---------+----------------------+ |
| | 2     | Angle P         | | | 3       | Feedforward, Rate D*,| |
| +-------+-----------------+ | |         | & Rate P             | |
| | 3     | Max Gain        | | +---------+----------------------+ |
| +-------+-----------------+ | | 4       | Angle P              | |
|                             | +---------+----------------------+ |
|                             | | 5       | Feedforward & Angle P| |
|                             | +---------+----------------------+ |
|                             | | 6       | Rate D*, Rate P,     | |
|                             | |         | & Angle P            | |
|                             | +---------+----------------------+ |
|                             | | 7       | Feedforward, Rate D*,| |
|                             | |         | Rate P, & Angle P    | |
|                             | +---------+----------------------+ |
|                             | | 8       | Max Gain             | |
|                             | +---------+----------------------+ |
+-----------------------------+------------------------------------+

> 

Reviewer 2: I think that the right hand table should refer to the actual param label rather than a descriptive name, ie ATC_RAT_xxx_P

Reviewer 2: I can work on this after merge if you like

> Max gain determination is done before tuning Rate D and Rate P gains.

Reviewer 2: still unclear on max gain...if P/D are tuned, are they autmatically preceeded by a gain tune phase? also the asterix is only on D and not P and still should be added to footnote

> Max gain determination is done before tuning Rate D and Rate P gains.

Author: It was late. I hadn't got to this comment

> :ref:`Axes Bitmask<AUTOTUNE_AXES__AC_AutoTune_Heli>`

Reviewer 2: same comments as above

| Bits                 | Values                          |
+======================+=================================+
| +-------+----------+ | +---------+-------------------+ |
| | Bits  | Axis     | | | Values  | Axes tested       | |
| +=======+==========+ | +=========+===================+ |
| | 0     | Roll     | | | 1       | Roll              | |
| +-------+----------+ | +---------+-------------------+ |
| | 1     | Pitch    | | | 2       | Pitch             | |
| +-------+----------+ | +---------+-------------------+ |
| | 2     | Yaw      | | | 3       | Roll & Pitch      | |
| +-------+----------+ | +---------+-------------------+ |
|                      | | 4       | Yaw               | |
|                      | +---------+-------------------+ |
|                      | | 5       | Roll & Yaw        | |
|                      | +---------+-------------------+ |
|                      | | 6       | Pitch & Yaw       | |
|                      | +---------+-------------------+ |
|                      | | 7       | Roll, Pitch & Yaw | |
|                      | +---------+-------------------+ |
+----------------------+---------------------------------+

> :ref:`Maximum Response Gain<AUTOTUNE_GN_MAX>`

Reviewer 2: same comment

---------------------------------------------

> Specifies the maximum response gain to be used to tune the Rate D, Rate P and Angle P gains.  The response gain is the output of the response divided by the input.  It is recommended that 1.8 to 2.0 be used for pitch and roll axes as these axes are typically more lightly damped.  It is recommended that 1.0 to 1.4 be used for the yaw axis.

Reviewer 2: how does this relate to the maximum gain in the table above?

Author: The comment in the table above for the max gain test determines the max allowable rate P and rate D gains.   This parameter is used to tune the rate P and rate D gains and the tuning stops when this response gain is exceeded.

Reviewer 2: see my comment above...I think that its automatically added as a preceding  tune for the D/P tune correct? how is it autotuned by itself? still confused

Author: It is automatically added before the Rate P and Rate D tuning.  What Max gains does is perform a test with no rate P or rate D gain.  the max allowable Rate P and Rate D gains are mathematically determined from the results of this test.  Then it uses 5% increments of these max gains to increment Rate P and Rate D gains for tuning these parameters.

Author: @Hwurzburg I made a change that I think works.

:ref:`Minimum Test Frequency<AUTOTUNE_FRQ_MIN>`
-----------------------------------------------

> Specifies the minimum frequency in radians per second used during the dwell or frequency sweeps.  For frequency sweeps, this will be the starting frequency.

Reviewer 2: how should one set this? use the default? when not to use the default?

Author: This is most likely always the min.  I added a sentence to say that. but I don't know how deep I should go into when to change this and how.

> :ref:`Maximum Test Frequency<AUTOTUNE_FRQ_MAX>`

Reviewer 2: same comment

-----------------------------------------------

> Specifies the maximum frequency in radians per second used during the dwell or frequency sweeps.  For frequency sweeps, this will be the ending frequency.

Reviewer 2: same comment as above

Author: Again I have added some words to address your comment but this one is even harder to tell users how to adjust

#. Power up the controller.
#. Set the flight mode to either stabilize or AltHold (Althold recommended).
#. Enable motor interlock and allow rotors to complete runup.
#. Lift off and establish stable hover approximately 3-5 meters above the ground.
#. Switch into AutoTune and center all sticks.
#. AutoTune will start conducting the maneuvers.

.. note::  If you don’t see anything happening, verify your sticks are centered.

7. After the tuning is complete, a message will appear in the GCS saying "AutoTune complete".
8. To test the settings, switch out of AutoTune and then back to AutoTune and you will be 
   able to test the settings that were tuned.
9. Once you are finished testing, descend and land in AutoTune.  Once the aircraft has landed, the 
   engine will shutdown on its own.  At that point flip your motor interlock switch to disabled
   and disarm the aircraft.

.. note::  Aircraft must be disarmed in the AutoTune flight mode to save the gain settings.

Tuning Maneuver Descriptions
----------------------------

VFF Tuning
++++++++++

>         During VFF tuning the aircraft may drift, reposition the aircraft as needed to keep it from drifting.  Making any inputs during this test will stop the tuning and won’t begin again unless the sticks are centered.

Reviewer 2: same here
